# multicat

PoC RAT using the [sneaky-creeper](https://github.com/DakotaNelson/sneaky-creeper/) data exfiltration library.

Not meant to be full-featured, just a fun project to write, and a proof-of-concept/example for anyone who wants to use sneaky-creeper.

If you get annoying `InsecurePlatformWarning` errors, run `pip install 'requests[security]'`.


Getting Started
===============

Open up `implant.py` and specify which channel and encoder(s) you'd like to use, then set their parameters in `channelParams` and `encoderParams`. Refer to the [sneaky-creeper docs](https://github.com/DakotaNelson/sneaky-creeper/blob/master/README.md) for information on which parameters to set and how, as well as which channels and encoders are available.

Message Format Reference
========================

Messages take the form of:

`uid:message_type:other_stuff`

Where `other_stuff` is determined by the message type. Note that colons `:` are used to delimit fields in the message. While an attempt is made to be resilient against user-defined colon use, it's still more risky to use them in your messages than to not.

`uid` is a unique ID for each implant instance to keep them all organized, generated by each implant when it's first run.

| For `message_type` | `other_stuff` is in the format... |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------- |
| `'message'`        | `message`                         |
| `job`              | `jobId:jobName:cmdString`         |
| `checkin`          | (none)                            |


### Message Types

#### Message

Sends a simple message to the C&C console for display.

###### Fields:
  `message` - a message for the C&C console to display.


#### Checkin

Informs the C&C console that a new implant instance has come online.

###### Fields:
  None.


#### Job

Instructs the implant to carry out a job.

###### Fields:
  `jobId` - a unique ID string for the job itself, tracked by the implant to avoid repeating jobs
  `jobName` - the name of the job to carry out. The implant searches for a function with this name in its `Jobs` module, then executes it (if found).
  `cmdString` - a string passed to the job code itself, used to pass in parameters.

###### Example:
  `a5wJl0t03lQvXmT0TrFy:setSleep:10-15` will instruct the implant to set its wait time between checkins to between 10 and 15 seconds using the `setSleep` function.
